Monthly announcements (#108)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/monthly-announcements/post.mdx

import post from '@/components/Post';
export default post({
  title: "📅 Send out monthly announcements!",
  slug: "monthly-announcements",
  category: "improvement",
  tags: ["announcements"],
  authors: ["luke", "samuel"],
  date: new Date("2025-10-27"),
});

A few months ago, we [launched organization announcements](/posts/organization-announcements) to help you keep your followers in the loop about your organization whenever you have an update.

Now, you can also enable monthly announcements in your organization settings to let HCB automatically generate a new announcement each month.

> By default, they will include a short message and public data about your organization from the past month such as donation and spending summaries, but you can edit the announcement to include whatever you'd like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, they will include summarized data about your organization from the past month, such as donations and spending analyses, but you can edit the announcement to include whatever you'd like.
```

> With monthly announcements, you can let HCB keep your followers up to date on your organization's finances, and you can focus on making your organization awesome! ✨

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With monthly announcements, HCB will help you build your community by keeping fans and donors informed, while you focus on making your organization awesome! ✨
```
